# Image-Editor
This Image Editor project was created by Tuong Bao Nguyen as a way to learn how to develop software, GUI interfaces. This application uses the popular tkinter already installed as part of the Python library. As such, this project was developed in the programming language of Python.

With photography being more popular than ever with the introduction of mobile phones, basically everyone has the ability to take photos. With internet connection, users are even able to download photos from the web. However, such photos may not always turn out exactly as the user wants them. Perhaps they are rotated the wrong way around, or theyre flipped, or whatever the issue may be. Hence why it made logical sense to create an image editing software in order to correct photos whether they be taken by hand or downloaded from the web.

Upon opening the application, the user will be prompted to enter in the number of images they wish to transform. The app is able to transform anywhere between one to ten images inclusively. Once the user has done so, they can submit. The app will then prompt the user to choose the images they wish to transform in their system (the program is able to handle both PNG images and JPG images). The user will choose the image they wish to transform one by one until eventually reaching the number of images they wish to transform which they had previously chosen. These images will be displayed one by one as the user uploads each image, resizing appropriatedly to fit the screen. Each of these images can be clicked in order to view them in their true dimensions. A window will appear with the image and provide a summary for each image chosen respectively, including the filename, image mode, the path, the dimensions and etc. The user can navigate between the images by clicking the large left and right arrows in their respective corners towards the bottom of the window. When the appropriate number of images have been chosen, the screen will alter where the user will have options to transform their images. These options include threshold (any positive integer), inverse, flip in the x and y direction, rotate both clockwise and counter clockwise, greyscale, change the opacity (any integer between 0 and 100 inclusive), pinch and zoom (any positive integer or zero, leaving the entry blank will default this option to one). Now the user can choose to do any number of combinations of these transformation, granted that the more images they choose to transform and the number of transformations they wish to perform increases the runtime of the program. After the transformation has been completed for each image, the new transformed images will be displayed on the screen. The user can choose to either click on the 'view images' button or they can click on the displayed images, both of which create a new window where the user can view the transformed images and get a summary of the image including the new filename, new dimensions, mode, etc. The major difference is that towards the bottom of the screen is a large download button where the user can download the new images after the transformation has been done on them. They can navigate through the transformed images via the large left and right arrows in their respective corners towards the bottom of the window. At the botom of the main window there is a button for which if the user would like to edit any other images that they may have.

At the top of the main window are a few buttons including the exit button, information button, help button and full screen button.

Enjoy editing your images!
